[deckhouse] optional module requirements (#15136)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/module-development/DEPENDENCIES.md

    node-local-dns: '>= 0.0.0'
    operator-trivy: '> v1.64.0'
```

#### Optional module requirements

Use this when your module works alone, but integrates with another module **if it is present**.

> **Syntax**
> 
> Append `!optional` to the version constraint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mark a dependency as optional, add `!optional` to the version constraint string:
```

```yaml
requirements:
  modules:
    test1: ">v0.22.1 !optional"
```

> **Rules**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rules:
```

- If `test1` is **enabled**, its version **must** satisfy the constraint.
- If `test1` is **disabled**, the constraint is ignored and your module can install and upgrade.

> - If you later enable `test1` with a non‑matching version, the enable is denied and the module stays disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you later enable `test1` with a non-matching version, enabling will be denied and the module remains disabled.
```

**Quick examples**

> - `test1` enabled at `v0.21.1` + `>v0.22.1 !optional` → install fails with unmet dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `test1` enabled at `v0.21.1` + `>v0.22.1 !optional` → the installation fails due to an unmet dependency.
```
